Add loader tests project (#127)
hplush/slowreader: README.md

- [`api/`](./api/): types and constants shared between clients and server.
- [`docs/`](./docs/): guides for developers.
- [`scripts/`](./scripts/): scripts to test project and configure Google Cloud. Check the script’s descriptions for further details.

> - [`loader-tests/`](./loader-tests/): loader testing tool for OPML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`loader-tests/`](./loader-tests/): integration tests for each social network or news format.
```

`loader` is our internal term. A new developer will not understand what it is.

Also it is not only for OPML files, since later we will do much more integration tests in that dir.
